clarify new rules on unsafe and sizeof (#44701)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/language-reference/unsafe-code.md

:::code language="csharp" source="snippets/unsafe-code/FixedKeywordExamples.cs" ID="5":::

You can't apply the indirection operator to a pointer of type `void*`. However, you can use a cast to convert a void pointer to any other pointer type, and vice versa.

A pointer can be `null`. Applying the indirection operator to a null pointer causes an implementation-defined behavior.

Passing pointers between methods can cause undefined behavior. Consider a method that returns a pointer to a local variable through an `in`, `out`, or `ref` parameter or as the function result. If the pointer was set in a fixed block, the variable to which it points might no longer be fixed.

The following table lists the operators and statements that can operate on pointers in an unsafe context:

> | Operator/Statement                       | Use                                                            |

Reviewer: It's strangely satisfying to format tables like this :)

The following example uses pointers to copy bytes from one array to another.

> This example uses the [unsafe](keywords/unsafe.md) keyword, which enables you to use pointers in the `Copy` method. The [fixed](statements/fixed.md) statement is used to declare pointers to the source and destination arrays. The `fixed` statement *pins* the location of the source and destination arrays in memory so that they garbage collections doesn't move the arrays. The memory blocks for the arrays are unpinned when the `fixed` block is completed. Because the `Copy` method in this example uses the `unsafe` keyword, it must be compiled with the [**AllowUnsafeBlocks**](compiler-options/language.md#allowunsafeblocks) compiler option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example uses the [unsafe](keywords/unsafe.md) keyword, which enables you to use pointers in the `Copy` method. The [fixed](statements/fixed.md) statement is used to declare pointers to the source and destination arrays. The `fixed` statement *pins* the location of the source and destination arrays in memory so that garbage collection doesn't move the arrays. The memory blocks for the arrays are unpinned when the `fixed` block is completed. Because the `Copy` method in this example uses the `unsafe` keyword, it must be compiled with the [**AllowUnsafeBlocks**](compiler-options/language.md#allowunsafeblocks) compiler option.
```
